dr. goldberg offers everything i look for in a general practitioner.  he's nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he's always on time in seeing his patients; he's affiliated with a top-notch hospital (nyu) which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to see specialists without having to see him first.  really, what more do you need?  i'm sitting here trying to think of any complaints i have about him, but i'm really drawing a blank.
Unfortunately, the frustration of being Dr. Goldberg's patient is a repeat of the experience I've had with so many other doctors in NYC -- good doctor, terrible staff.  It seems that his staff simply never answers the phone.  It usually takes 2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.  Who has time for that or wants to deal with it?  I have run into this problem with many other doctors and I just don't get it.  You have office workers, you have patients with medical needs, why isn't anyone answering the phone?  It's incomprehensible and not work the aggravation.  It's with regret that I feel that I have to give Dr. Goldberg 2 stars.
Dr. Goldberg has been my doctor for years and I like him.  I've found his office to be fairly efficient.  Today I actually got to see the doctor a few minutes early!    He seems very engaged with his patients and his demeanor is friendly, yet authoritative.      I'm glad to have Dr. Goldberg as my doctor.
Been going to Dr. Goldberg for over 10 years. I think I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG. He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture. It is because of him, not my now former gyn Dr. Markoff, that I found out I have fibroids. He explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding. He doesn't judge and asks all the right questions. Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.
Got a letter in the mail last week that said Dr. Goldberg is moving to Arizona to take a new position there in June.  He will be missed very much.    I think finding a new doctor in NYC that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find a date!
I don't know what Dr. Goldberg was like before  moving to Arizona, but let me tell you, STAY AWAY from this doctor and this office. I was going to Dr. Johnson before he left and Goldberg took over when Johnson left. He is not a caring doctor. He is only interested in the co-pay and having you come in for medication refills every month. He will not give refills and could less about patients's financial situations. Trying to get your 90 days mail away pharmacy prescriptions through this guy is a joke. And to make matters even worse, his office staff is incompetent. 90% of the time when you call the office, they'll put you through to a voice mail, that NO ONE ever answers or returns your call. Both my adult children and husband have decided to leave this practice after experiencing such frustration. The entire office has an attitude like they are doing you a favor. Give me a break! Stay away from this doc and the practice. You deserve better and they will not be there when you really need them. I have never felt compelled to write a bad review about anyone until I met this pathetic excuse for a doctor who is all about the money.
Top notch doctor in a top notch practice. Can't say I am surprised when I was referred to him by another doctor who I think is wonderful and because he went to one of the best medical schools in the country.  It is really easy to get an appointment. There is minimal wait to be seen and his bedside manner is great.
Dr. Eric Goldberg is a fantastic doctor who has correctly diagnosed every issue that my wife and I have had. Unlike many of my past doctors, Dr. Goldberg is very accessible and we have been able to schedule appointments with him and his staff very quickly. We are happy to have him in the neighborhood and look forward to being his patients for many years to come.
I'm writing this review to give you a heads up before you see this Doctor. The office staff and administration are very unprofessional. I left a message with multiple people regarding my bill, and no one ever called me back. I had to hound them to get an answer about my bill.   Second, and most important, make sure your insurance is going to cover Dr. Goldberg's visits and blood work. He recommended to me that I get a physical, and he knew I was a student because I told him. I got the physical done. Later, I found out my health insurance doesn't pay for preventative visits. I received an $800.00 bill for the blood work. I can't pay for my bill because I'm a student and don't have any cash flow at this current time. I can't believe the Doctor wouldn't give me a heads up to make sure my insurance would cover work that wasn't necessary and was strictly preventative. The office can't do anything to help me cover the bill. In addition, the office staff said the onus is on me to make sure my insurance covers visits. Frustrating situation!
I love Dr. Goldberg. Best doctor I've ever had, and I've had a bunch after moving around a lot in the past 25 years. Good listener, friendly & straightforward. Always presents options and takes a "let's try the least extreme course" first. Office staff has improved tremendously since Dr. Johnson left. Highest recommendation.
All the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic!!  The "Wet Cajun" are by the best & most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings.  Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!  The dining area is nice. Very family friendly! The bar is very nice is well.  This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!  "Pittsburgh Dad" would love this place n'at!!
We checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy, which is a nice change of pace. I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter, but that is more expected. They were better than average, but I don't like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat. I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu, but this will probably not become a regular stop for wings anytime soon.
Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
Cold cheap beer. Good bar food. Good service.   Looking for a great Pittsburgh style fish sandwich, this is the place to go. The breading is light, fish is more than plentiful and a good side of home cut fries.   Good grilled chicken salads or steak.  Soup of day is homemade and lots of specials. Great place for lunch or bar snacks and beer.
Decent range somewhat close to the city.  The mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?).
Owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.  Bottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised.   It's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility.   The guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from.   A big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....  Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
THANK YOU ROB! i truly appreciated all the help i received from this agent today who was able to removed the extra charges on my bill that the Pasadena Verizon Store on Lake was charging me on my bill for upgrading my phone.   When i went in i was having problems with my Blacberry and had to switch to the Iphone last week. Rob from the Pennsylvania store who i was connected today was able to look at my bill and all the notes and correct the problem immediately. Great Customer Service! He even set up a FOLLOW UP Phone Call with me On July 5th to make sure the credit goes through on my bill...I can't thank him enough!!!!
After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.
I visited this store several months ago to simply ask about smartphone plans. The agent was pleasant and helpful. I would recommend a visit to this store.
This place was DELICIOUS!!  My parents saw a recommendation to visit this place from Rick Sebak's "25 Things I Like About Pittsburgh" and he's usually pretty accurate.  His recommendations were to try the Reuben, Fish Sandwich and Open-Faced Steak Sandwich.  We went early afternoon for a late lunch today (a Saturday) and were seated right away.  The staff is extremely friendly.  My Mom & I each had the fish sandwich, while my Dad & Brother had a Reuben sandwich.  The fish was very good, but the Reuben was to die for!  Both dishes were massive, and could very easily be shared between two people.  On top of being extremely large portions, it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared, but I'm pretty sure I saw an ATM there as well.  And I do believe they are closed on Sundays & Mondays.
Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
This place should have a lot more reviews - but I'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.  Its been there ages, and looks it. If you're all about ambiance, don't bother. If you pretend you're in a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing. They are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food.   The food is AWESOME! Worth any little complaints I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table, I forget them all.  -Fish Sandwiich -Salmon (huge and delicious) -Flounder -Shrimp a few ways ("Norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and I never had it growing up in Norfolk.) -Hawkins St Special -Prime Rib (sized for two, watch it)  The prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called "25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar / lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town, Rankin, but I've been in worse places!! Try this place.
Old school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
Seen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Seback ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
Wonderful reuben.  Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect. It is actually a different Hawkins.  I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
Good fish sandwich.
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.  Well, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.  And yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.  So off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we? At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's.   We walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'  This is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.  Oh...but good food counts too.   We each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!  My friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...  The waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly.   They only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.  Emil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.  You definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.  Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
This is a hidden gem, no really. It took us forever to find but well worth it. It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station. The menu has a wide selection, I really couldn't decide what I wanted but I went with the ribeye sandwich. I'm glad i did too. Huge sandwich! I added mushrooms, it was very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well. Fast and friendly service. Will definitely be back.
This would be my local haunt, if I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What a great little place! Such friendly staff, and some damn good eats!   It was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game.   They have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings. Very, very tasty. I'm sorry, but this place kicks Primanti Bros. butt on the taste factor. They have about 8 different types of wings... reg., garlic, and I can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and I was wishing we would had ordered more.  Going back on a Friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.  Wow! That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.  The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really, really wanted his SPAM t-shirt.
A great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele. I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn't disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - I'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place.   The staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.  We ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage. An overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (I know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, CANNED MUSHROOMS - the worst thing to come out of a can. Ever. I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms I've ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!  My advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, I'll never know.
Alexion's has been around forever.  The first time I went in there, I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.  All of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and I immediately found out why.  MANY, MANY years later, I stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who I was.  THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style, sort of like Primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree, the oldest part of the town.  I recall that some of the sandwiches I got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.  Nothing but good things to say about the place, and I wish it was closer to home!
Good for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice.   Doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job. Dont expect to have a HUGE selection of alcohol.   Their wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches.  Offers a quick lunch.
What a cool bar/restaurant.. I will no doubt be visiting again.  The service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.   I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..  A cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.    Cheers ! !
Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
Good beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.
Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well.
Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
Let there be no question: Alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades. Try a burger on Italian bread. The service is flawlessly friendly, the food is amazing, and the wings? Oh the wings... but it's still about the cheeseburger. The atmosphere is inviting, but you can't eat atmosphere... so go right now. Grab the car keys... you know you're hungry for an amazing cheeseburger, maybe some wings, and a cold beer! Easily, hands down, the best bar and grill in Pittsburgh.
The sandwiches, the wings, enough said. Alexions can best be described as a home-style Primantis before they went mega commercial. You really can't go wrong, but for my money, I would put Alexions fish sandwich up with the best I've had. That's not to take away from other selections, but if you come here I recommend not leaving until you've had either the fish sandwich, Reuben, or wings.   You'll know you're in a Pittsburgh bar when you walk in. For someone who lives in Atlanta now and only makes it to Pittsburgh a few times a year, I have to say it is refreshing. Feels like home. I haven't had a trip back without making it out to Alexions at least once.
We met a couple of friends there on a Friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the Yelp reviews. I've relied on Yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today.   We ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.  Took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad. I tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok. I've had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent.   All 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good, though I've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.  I may give the place another try in the future for a Reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
Used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.
I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire.  I took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time".  I will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.  Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.  And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
Most random location for a mini golf course ever.  This is old school. It's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park.  The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.  They recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.  It won't knock your socks off, but if you're local, give it a try!
This quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest, yet most original and fun locations that I have yet visited.  Coming from Texas, it was nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody Pennsylvanian terrain. It can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce.  The cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laughs and a fun attempt to play.  Improvements were being made and I will look forward to returning on my next visit to the Pittsburgh area.  I enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why I didn't give this location 5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par.
I think this place is closed. Their number is out of service, sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mess of a course though!
I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc. Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
I will start by saying we have a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.  Why two stars if we have a nice deck now? Well, it all started in May when we had a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was a true salesman, I'll tell you that. Not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... And we bought into it.  He told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you, this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them, and booked it.  Here's where things fell apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. I wish Al would have told us that.  So our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. I called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.  A month later, I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it.   I completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? Just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.  Finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they're digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. Where did everyone go? Who knows, because I wasn't informed!   I was upset and contacted the company owner, Dave, by email. I told him how frustrated I was about the lack of communication. He wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow." Well, that didn't happen.  Then two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. The main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. So apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck.   Finally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. It was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. I even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. When you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? Didn't happen here.  My main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. Why be that company? Why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. I understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. It's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.  Even though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!), I would not recommend them to anyone.
When I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall, they did a good job and I would use them in the future for all my deck necessities.
I have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a. Frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.  King's Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N' Parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).  We were seated rather quickly by the manager.  Very nice people work here, I was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.  We chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:  Tea Pepsi Open-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy Buffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheese  Our drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.  She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.  Eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese.  It didn't taste bad, but I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.  At least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them.    I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
So... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.  SO DELICIOUS!  However, NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.  Fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so I only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.  The portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
Ive pretty much been eating at various Kings' pretty regularly since I was a child when my parents would take my sister and I into the Fox Chapel location often.  Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location. I love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means.   Service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any Kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady.  My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.  Im in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.  Any girl I meet has to enjoy Kings or she's out.
Hoofah.
I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.
I arrived around 10 am on a Saturday morning.  I was greeted by the hostess,who was polite and friendly, and I informed her that I was alone.  She had just arrived, as well, and wasn't exactly sure what was going on yet, so she asked (the manager?) where she should seat me.  After receiving guidance, she brought me to a table towards the back.  It had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined.  So, she quickly got it cleared off, grabbed a rag, and wiped it down.  The waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order.  She was extremely friendly.  I ordered coffee and water, which she went and got while I looked over the menu.  She returned, and took my order.  I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl French Toast Special - Three slices of French toast made with Pittsburgh's own Jenny Lee? Cinnamon Swirl, two farm-fresh eggs, with bacon or sausage (I chose sausage), and your choice of potato (I went with the cheesy hash brown casserole).  I also added an orange juice.  She went and put my order in, while I waited, and came back with it after not too long.   The eggs were cooked exactly how I wanted them, the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.  I also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.  Kings Family Restaurant featured a very friendly staff, great prices, and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again.
thisis not the closest Kings to us, but we often will travel the extra miles because the service and food at this location is always the best.
Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.
Not bad for a Shop N Save, most are privately owned, so availability of items might differ from place to place. The only time I frequent S n S is when the have their huge two day sales usually held on Thursday and Friday at least once month.  Good bakery at this location too.
Two meals, on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place, and after the second trip, I was compelled to write. 'Rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.  On the first trip, I went to try their (at that time)raved about Reuben. And YET to find a true good Reuben in da burgh, I tried it.  Well, they were out of the proper bread, and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find, which was not the proper bread, and instead of one of their 'raved about' Reubens, I received two mini-Reubens, which basically took the guts from one Reuben, and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. I ate it. It wasn't great, but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. Bread or not, it still wasn't great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way, and the staff was very nice, but not a winning pitch on the Reuben.  The second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room, instead of the bar, which felt more like a restaurant, of course, with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.  I was in the mood for dinner this time, and after a scan, decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves, the breaded pork chops.  We hit the salad bar, which was uber-basic. Three soups (mostly vegetable loaded, which left me out), basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag), a few veggie toppings, and three or four dressings. It was a basic salad, no big deal. More or less an appetizer filler before the meal.  The mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant, skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face, and an air of vapidity, which was confirmed when I placed my order. I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner, and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. I never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask', and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag, kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style...which didn't answer my question, thus prompting the second trip.   After the second trip back I heard the cook holler 'Tell him I'll fix him up'.   Well, the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of Walmart, tiny and not good, and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor, laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?), and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.  Thank goodness for the basic salad bar.  Even my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. They also appeared to be from a freezer bag.  The irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat, was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. Ahhhh da burgh.  Third base? Nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. Just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.  From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently, mama has left the kitchen.
everything was great!
If you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.  This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.  You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating. Enjoy....
Rocky's has been in business since the 1980s and still going strong.  Their food is good.  Not haute cuisine, pretentious!  Everyday, well prepared and taste bud pleasing home style cooking.  I've mostly gone during supper hours and  and ate in the dining room, but, today I introduced an old friend to "linner" in the bar. He ordered the large version of fish sandwich.  Rocky's is famous for their fish.  Three large breaded and fried fish filets, bun and fries for under $10.  Needless to say, he had no complaints and brought home more than he ate. I ordered the meatball grill.  It was delish.  Served on thick cut Italian bread and made "grilled cheese" (mozzarella) style.  Meatballs and tomato sauce are both good!  Also, served with fries.  I brought home half the sandwich. Another good meal there.  Friends, mother, and former boss all enjoy their food!
Italian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
If you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.  They serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.  If you're hungry, get "The Mixed Grill"... Gab and Eat's brand of the "kitchen sink" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.
Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work. Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms. hehe
Stick to basics and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh.  First time go with a friend and sit at the counter.  Short order cooking at it's best, it's like a floor show with the actor's backs to you.  Breakfast has no losers.  Eggs, omelets, pancakes, waffles, breakfast sandwiches to order, the ever popular mixed grill, get a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries (although they good as is) and don't forget the italian toast.  Frequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for a reason.  As for ambiance, well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good, andlocal with many long time folks working here.  If I don't get there for awhile I need to go through detox because I feel too healthy.
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.  HUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.  I've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.  Cramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
Cheap, unpretentious, and, for this, one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country.  Simply put I LOVE it here.  The mixed grill, the sausage and egg on a biscuit, the home fries.  This it the very definition of diner.  Thank you Gab 'n' Eat!
Okay, let's first set expectations.  This place is a true DIVE...this is not for the NYC foodie crowd.  If you want a down home, large portion awesome breakfast, this is the place.  The place is packed with happy diners, the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have "dippy" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a "dippy" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium, the breakfast potatoes were fab - no complicated additives like peppers or onions - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh Italian bread.  YUM!!!
I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh, I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of. Honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner, and nowhere that i have been does it as well as this joint. Go here and you will be happy you did.
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found. If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made.   Here are the highlights:  -Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same. -Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm) -Cash only -Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack -About those homefries: They're often undercooked. I've had better, believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products. -My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
My favorite breakfast place.  Have good sandwiches also.  Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the small portion unless you are a real MAN!  Mixed grill has sausage, (could it be Ricci's?), eggs, onions, and home fries, soooo goooooooood!  Use Mancini's bread for toast, got the raisin toast - Yum.    Have had many other items and just love the food.  If you like to watch a true cook, sit at the counter.  Banter with the cook and staff and patrons is fun!  Lunch is good, sausage sandwich, hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.  Gets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.  Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor.
Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
If you're looking for no frills but a great breakfast this is the place. I got the mixed grill half portion and was very full. Make sure you have extra calories for the day because they are not afraid to use butter. Loved the breakfast and would go back. Not much room for sitting down but worth the wait.
Great homemade hot breakfast sausage and a wonderful family restaurant feel.   Reminds me of the one my parents used to own in Mi.   Have fun finding a table on the weekend :)
Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
OK, what is with all of these "CASH ONLY" places in Pittsburgh? I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant, but could you perhaps provide an ATM?  In the past, this would deter me from eating at this place.   Looking at a standard breakfast menu, I decided to go with a tuna melt instead. What I got was a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast. I had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal, but to no avail. One day later I can't even remember what my side was. I suppose it didn't leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good! The cherry pecan pie! I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome! The cherries were not the sweet canned variety, but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar. I think I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree!  My first impression is "Eh."  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast! Seriously, waiting 30 minutes for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that reads as follows:    "2 eggs and toast $x.xx" "2 eggs, meat, and toast $x.xx" "2 eggs and pancake $x.xx"  I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the "create your own Grand Slam!"
BEST DINER IN THE COUNRTY!!! We've been to many famous diners across the country and we still give  Gab and Eat the best rating !! I was a little intimidated when I first walked in and there was like 2 pounds of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill.  If you are looking for a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you, but Everything I ate was clearly the opposite of healthy.  After trying like every meal they have I would recommend the mix grill(half unless you are sharing) adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast.  Burgers are great too.  It's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home, but this place does it.  The atmosphere is classy, old school Americana.
Best French toast ever!! Love the friendly atmosphere, and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!
Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast.
Readers of my reviews may recall that I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  Well, faithful followers, I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.  Why?  That's because Gab and Eat I have now found to be THE best breakfast I've ever had.  If it was closer to my home I would quickly become a regular.  I easily decided to order the Mixed Grill (Half).  Before I go on, I must ask...has anyone seen a full order?  Because I honestly can't imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon, cheese, eggs and potatoes.  Based on reviews I also opted to get a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitress asked if I wanted hot or sweet....or one of each.  I like variety, so I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast - what other kind is there, really?    When my food arrived, it looked delicious.  There was so much bacon that after eating half of my Mixed Grill it looked like I'd barely started.  The sausage was great, just don't ask me which one I liked best.  My toast?  4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was a struggle, but I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb.     In case anyone is wondering, yes, they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes.  The wait staff was quick and efficient as well as helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people.  The fact that none of the plates match and I noticed a sign at the front register that said, "We need mugs" just makes me love this place even more.  A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!
Classic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.  What's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.  Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
Yum - freaking - me!  As the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:  - Don't eat early in the week  - I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave    I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.  My co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.  Food -   The Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.       Portion -  This should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.  Service -   My waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.  Price -   The cost ranges $5 - 10.   I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
I always love a good diner.  Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.  Good food.  Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance.   This place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon.  The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.  My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill."  It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.  Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!   They also had great coffee.  They actually ground up the beans in front of us.  Now that's fresh.  We want to return sometime for "turkey day."  Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.  Now that sounds good!  Can't wait to return.
This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable, quirky, unpretentious and with inexpensive, large portioned working class breakfast plates.
On our current road trip of baseball, brews, hockey and diners, we decided to try Gab & Eat based on yelpers rating putting it #1 for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agree with most other reviewers that this is a place to eat. We arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking. Inside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs & posters. Most interesting are all the signatures and comments written on the wall by past customers. We regretted not having a marker to add ours. The other highlight was three large white boards with trivia questions - fun way to spend time waiting for food. The waitstaff there is...uh, experienced. They are attentive, pleasant and efficient. After reading reviews I had to try the Mixed Grill. But S went with pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding...maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor.  His bacon was cooked just as requested - as crisp as possible - and very flavorful. The Mixed Grill is a mixed together concoction of eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I'm glad I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order. I couldn't finish it all and that's rare. How do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough? Everything was cooked well. The sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was a good mix. My only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain. I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference. It usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices. Coffee was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was less than $15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions. While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days), its the best so far and one of the best we've had.
Met my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab & Eat.   Way to go Justin!  The restaurant is in a strip mall across from the Dairy Queen.  The grill is right up front so you can see them cooking.   They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4.   Don't expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have a great looking breakfast menu.   We all got burgers of varying kinds!  They were tasty!   The buns were buttered, toasted and soft.  Yum!   the amount of butter didnt bother me  but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is a no whining sign as you walk in the door.   We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings.  Both of which were great.  The half order was plenty and a nice option to a full order.   The restaurant was full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign.  I give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straws, silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!
This is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap. I had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soon  The coffee was good, totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitress was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.  Totally recommended. Come hungry.
Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?
I have been coming to Gab n Eat for almost 20 years and They have never let me down. I get a typical breakfast if eggs, ham, toast, and home fries. Delicious as usual. The ambience however is usually lacking. The walls are dark, with writing and signatures of semi famous people all over the place. Pictures of local people hang on the walls(i secretly want mine up there) along with posters galore. While its fun to look at the first 10 times, it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise, they painted and got new counter tops!! They're not quite done yet but the place has a new Happy vibe to it. The awesome breakfast, the new decor and the 5 guys sitting at the counter making me laugh are why I will be back( maybe for lunch).
